Bug fixes. (#1662)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/dtm-1019-0-0-handled-grid-configuration-issues-in-asset-screen-page.md

---
date: 2023-12-14

> title: Handled grid configuration issues in asset screen page  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Handled grid configuration issues in the Assets page  
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-2c7RdTdXo4
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-Tl88RYb4A
    label: Digital Twin Manager
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-wYIY0MBDO
    label: dtm
ticket: CTM-620
version: 1019.0.0
---

> Fixed an issue where the assets screen goes blank for one user if data is deleted by another user due to grid configuration. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed an issue where the Assets page goes blank for one user if data is deleted by another user due to grid configuration. 
```
